# OpenMRS---Synthetic-Data
The project aims to generate high-quality synthetic healthcare data for the OpenMRS (Open Medical Record System) software using the MIMIC-IV (Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care IV) dataset using the CT-GAN (Conditional Tabular Generative Adversarial Network) model. OpenMRS is an open-source platform that allows the making and management of electronic medical records, which helps in improving healthcare services in resource-constrained countries. OpenMRS is specially designed to support health care in developing countries. It was first deployed in Kenya in the year 2006.

At some point, hopefully, very soon there will be a big relief effort for Gaza, but the same situation is true all over the world. So it's not just Gaza, it's everywhere, where there's been a disaster. As soon as the war comes to an end there will be a need for medical support in those affected areas. Moreover, the government may not have more money to spend on the system to manage these medical records. This is where the free open-source platform comes into the picture. 

However, after the war, we quickly need to deploy open-source software on the cloud. Obviously, we can't put a demonstration on the cloud that's got real patient data because it violates the privacy rights of the patients, it can also be dangerous if the data is been accessed by a third party with malicious intent, So the challenge is to create Synthetic patient data that looks credible and fits the target population so that we can do a demonstration of OpenMRS without revealing the real people’s details.   

Thus my project focuses on generating the synthetic data in such a way that the patients’s privacy is not affected and that data can be used ethically for research purposes. Here I am using the MIMIC-4 dataset, which contains the data collected from a medical center in Boston, Massachusetts. This MIMIC-IV contains the data of 65,000 patients which is a huge data and has a lot of missing values. I have used the CT-GAN (Conditional Tabular Generative Adversarial Network) model to generate the synthetic data.  

Demo Video: https://drive.google.com/file/d/16CX63WpfLmeYD2bhA6GFD3EGJ8G-3iEh/view?usp=drive_link
